Musk expressed his apprehension in a post on the social media platform X, saying, "Silver is needed in many industrial processes," highlighting the importance of silver in various manufacturing sectors.Economist Peter Schiff raised concerns about Bitcoin (CRYPTO: BTC), warning that a scenario in the opposite direction might happen with the cryptocurrency, compared to what is happening with silver prices.

"What is happening with silver may soon be happening with Bitcoin, only in reverse," he said. The economist emphasized that market downturns typically occur more rapidly than upturns, indicating a potentially expedited timeline for such a shift.

What is happening with silver may soon be happening with Bitcoin, only in reverse. But since markets tend to melt down faster than they melt up, the time frame for the move should be condensed.The silver market has been experiencing significant fluctuations, with prices reaching record highs. In December, silver, along with gold, surged to new peaks.

This rally was part of a broader trend, as silver had already hit a record high of $51 an ounce in October, marking a psychological milestone for investors. Analysts have suggested that the explosive move in silver prices might still be ahead, driven by severe physical market stress and a structural supply crunch.In a post on X, O'Leary argued that the competition isn't between streaming and theaters but a fight for human attention.

"People watch movies on their phones, their tablets, their home TVs, in theaters," he said. "There's never been a more diversified way of screening content.

"The only restraining aspect of content consumption is how many hours people are awake," he added.O'Leary said Amazon.com Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) is a prime example of why the big screen remains vital. Amazon continues to fund major theatrical releases because certain cinematic experiences cannot be replicated in a living room.Theaters that lean into high-end technology, such as 70-millimeter screens and the Dolby surround sound, he said.

"Those experiences cannot be emulated in a home," O'Leary said. "If you've got a big-tent release, an action film particularly, most people would want to see that in an adequate surround sound, large screen. You need every tool you can get in the media war."

While O'Leary says movie theaters aren't going anywhere, shifting consumer behavior shows that streaming at home is winning the volume game. About 75% of U.S. adults chose streaming a new release at least once in the past year, according to an AP-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research poll.Although 66% of Americans still visited a cinema, only 16% maintained a monthly movie-going habit, nearly half the rate of frequent streamers, according to the poll.

Driven by rising ticket prices and the post-pandemic desire for convenience, the data suggests that the couch has replaced the cinema as a preferred venue for routine viewing. The average cost of a movie ticket in the U.S. is $13.17, the Associated Press reported, citing data firm EntTelligence. In 2022, it was $11.76.

"There's some movies I would like to see, and I say to myself, I'll just wait until they show them on TV or I'll go visit a friend who has those apps," Maryneal Jones of North Carolina told the AP. But I just don't want to pay 12 bucks."


Tesla (NASDAQ:TSLA) is undoubtedly one of the most divisive stocks in the market. The company's CEO has made sure of that, with Elon Musk's outspoken behavior and foray in the the world of politics turning this company into a love-it or hate-it type of entity.

Quick Read
Tesla dropped to third-largest EV maker globally behind two Chinese competitors.

Only 40% of U.S. EV sales now come from Tesla versus near-monopoly status during early pandemic.

Musk’s Master Plan IV projects Optimus could reach 80% of Tesla’s current sales value.

A recent study identified one single habit that doubled Americans’ retirement savings and moved retirement from dream, to reality.Certainly, Elon Musk isn't the first CEO to wade into political waters. Plenty of other companies have leaders who look for special favors from incoming administrations, and in that regard, one could argue that Musk has worked relatively well with both sides of the aisle.

That said, with very divergent views on where the largest EV company in the U.S. (now third-largest in the world, giving up its pole position to two companies in China which are dominating this race today), let's dive into a bull and bear case on Tesla and where this stock may be headed next year.

The Bull Case The bull case around Tesla's ability to grow much faster than the overall market, and many of its Magnificent 7 peers, really centers around the idea that the company's autonomous driving, robotics and AI divisions will be able to grow much faster than the company's core electric vehicle (EV) business. I think there are certainly catalysts that could bring about such a future. For one, CEO Elon Musk's new $1 trillion pay package is heavily tied to the company hitting some aggressive growth numbers on these key business segments. If the company can outperform, and deliver even more growth from these business lines which could be extremely profitable, then the market is indeed pricing this company as more of a tech/AI play than an automobile maker.

The company's ability to vertically integrate with its already-robust AI offerings, and the potential for deliveries to climb once again in a key market like China, could propel Tesla higher in 2026 as investors look for size and growth potential in the auto sector.

Indeed, if Optimus does in fact become a meaningful business (with Musk's Master Plan IV signaling this business could be 80% of Tesla's current sales), that's a big potential jump in the years to come. I suppose it all comes down to investors' collective credence in Elon Musk's ability to turn his vision into reality. Thus far, at least, investors have been punished by the markets for going short any of his ideas.


Tesla's bear case really comes down to focusing on Tesla as an automobile maker. If one does that, the company's core EV business does look weak. Overall, this sector is facing a range of headwinds, from EV tax credits that have now expired, to slumping sales in key global markets such as China (with competition in that market picking up considerably).Now the world's third-largest EV maker by total volume (two Chinese companies are now leading the way), Tesla's global market share has dwindled. And even within the U.S. market, only 40% of new EV sales are coming Tesla's way. That's a far cry from the early pandemic days, when consumers really only had one reliable option to choose from.

Given this highly competitive backdrop, Tesla's growth forecasts have turned negative, the company's margins continue to be under pressure and erode, and a relatively stale lineup with no meaningful refreshes in years has some Tesla buyers looking for more attractive options.

That's to say nothing to the political controversies that have come as a result of Musk's foray into the political sphere. No matter what an investor thinks about Tesla's brand, this company's overall global cachet has diminished meaningfully in recent years, and that point really isn't up for debate. Most readers are well-aware that I'm generally bullish on Tesla, with my perspective mostly siding with much of the bearish narrative around Tesla's valuation relative to its core automotive business.

That said, I can also understand the perspective ultra-bulls on Tesla have, with respect to the ability of the company's CEO to find ways to pivot into the most profitable areas of tech many of us thought may take more time to commercialize. I do think Tesla stock will ultimately be a barometer for how the overall U.S. stock market does next year. And on that front, I'm expecting some bigger headwinds in the year to come than most in the financial media.

As such, I'm taking a skeptical and cautious approach to highly-valued companies like Tesla right now. In my view, this stock is still a sell (or maybe a hold for those who bought Tesla stock at a much lower price, and don't want the tax hit right now). Data Shows One Habit Doubles American’s Savings And Boosts Retirement
Most Americans drastically underestimate how much they need to retire and overestimate how prepared they are. But data shows that people with one habit have more than double the savings of those who don’t.

And no, it’s got nothing to do with increasing your income, savings, clipping coupons, or even cutting back on your lifestyle. It’s much more straightforward (and powerful) than any of that. Frankly, it’s shocking more people don’t adopt the habit given how easy it is. Tesla stock is up 9% year to date through Dec. 3.

The company is increasingly trading based on CEO Elon Musk's future promises.

Profits have fallen sharply this year.

These 10 stocks could mint the next wave of millionaires ›

2025 isn't in the books just yet, but it's been another wild year for Tesla (NASDAQ: TSLA).Through Dec. 3, the electric vehicle (EV) maker that's now angling to be a physical artificial intelligence (AI) powerhouse is up 9%, putting it just slightly behind the S&P 500, which has gained 16% so far.

However, it hasn't been a smooth ride for Tesla shareholders. As the chart below shows, the stock lost nearly 50% of its value early in the year due in part to backlash against the company because of CEO Elon Musk's work with the initiative known as the Department of Government Efficiency (DOGE), as well as weakening vehicle sales.

Tesla recouped some of those losses in the spring as Musk stepped down from DOGE, and as the broad market recovered after the crash on President Donald Trump's "Liberation Day" tariffs. The stock also jumped in the fall as third-quarter deliveries were strong and Musk bought $1 billion worth of the stock. Looking ahead to 2026, Tesla is still facing many of the same questions that have dogged it for much of 2025. EV sales continue to be disappointing. While the company has launched its robotaxi service, first in Austin and then in the Bay Area, it only appears to have a handful of robotaxis on the road currently. Finally, Musk continues to shift investor focus to Tesla's future as an AI company, rather than as a carmaker, indicating a fundamental shift in the business.

So is Tesla a buy heading into 2026? Let's take a closer look.

 Tesla is the same battleground stock
Tesla has long been a lightning rod for controversy as well as a battleground stock, and that will continue in 2026. Investors like Cathie Wood and Dan Ives continue to hype the stock up as a big AI winner, while The Big Short's Michael Burry said Tesla was "ridiculously overvalued." Burry noted Tesla's excessive rate of share-based compensation and dilution, and called out Musk's $1 trillion incentive package. Indeed, Tesla is distinct from other "Magnificent Seven" stocks as its valuation is much higher than its peers. It has a market cap of $1.5 trillion but just $5 billion in generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) net income over the last four quarters, giving it a price-to-earnings ratio of roughly 300.

That valuation might make sense if the business were growing rapidly, but it's actually shrinking at the moment. Though revenue rose 12% in the third quarter to $28.1 billion, both GAAP and adjusted earnings per share fell sharply in the quarter, down 37% and 29%, respectively, which was due to increased spending on research and development (R&D) and other areas as it develops its Optimus robot and seeks to expand its robotaxi network.

Is Tesla a buy for 2026?
Tesla enters 2026 much like it did in 2025, with a high valuation, plateauing sales, and big promises from Musk. The company's vehicle sales have continued to underwhelm, as the third-quarter results were boosted by the end of the EV tax credit, which is likely to negatively impact subsequent quarters' sales. However, the company is delivering strong growth in its energy generation and storage business, as well as services, which include its Supercharger network and software add-on features. Increasingly, Tesla stock seems driven more by narrative than performance, and that narrative is largely shaped by Musk. Musk has shown time and again his ability to give the stock a boost by promising something new or touting Tesla's future.

Eventually, he will have to deliver on that promise, and at its current valuation, Tesla seems like it will need to make a significant advance in Optimus or a large expansion in its robotaxi network in order to drive the stock higher next year.

Alternatively, management is aware that the business is beholden to the larger economy, and weakness in consumer spending could put further pressure on the stock. At this point, the valuation seems too rich for the reality facing the company. Investors are better off waiting for a more attractive entry point right now. Don’t miss this second chance at a potentially lucrative opportunity
Ever feel like you missed the boat in buying the most successful stocks? Then you’ll want to hear this.

On rare occasions, our expert team of analysts issues a “Double Down” stock recommendation for companies that they think are about to pop. If you’re worried you’ve already missed your chance to invest, now is the best time to buy before it’s too late. And the numbers speak for themselves: Nvidia: if you invested $1,000 when we doubled down in 2009, you’d have $473,121!*

Apple: if you invested $1,000 when we doubled down in 2008, you’d have $53,035!*

Netflix: if you invested $1,000 when we doubled down in 2004, you’d have $540,587!*

Right now, we’re issuing “Double Down” alerts for three incredible companies, available when you join Stock Advisor, and there may not be another chance like this anytime soon. Tesla (TSLA) stock surged 120% from spring lows to all-time highs despite net income declining and revenue growing only 11.57% year-over-year in Q3.

Tesla trades at 219 times 2026 expected earnings. Bulls justify the valuation with Robotaxi and Optimus robot potential rather than current financials.

Analysts estimate Robotaxi platform accounts for 45% of Tesla’s total valuation and the Optimus robot accounts for 19% through 2040.

If you’re thinking about retiring or know someone who is, there are three quick questions causing many Americans to realize they can retire earlier than expected. Tesla (NASDAQ:TSLA) has been unbelievably bullish in the past few months. It was supposed to be game over for Tesla once Musk had a falling out with Trump, but TSLA stock is up nearly 120% after bottoming out that spring. It is now higher than it has ever been.

Musk was also "vindicated" by a recent ruling where the justices unanimously ruled to reinstate his 2018 Tesla compensation package. It overturned a 2024 decision that voided the $140 billion deal.

You'd expect financials to be better than ever, but that's not the case either. Net income kept falling, and revenue increased by only 11.57% year-over-year in Q3. This is a very modest increase for a stock trading at 219 times 2026 expected earnings. You're paying exactly 15 times forward sales, so even top-notch margins would keep this stock at expensive levels. This begs the question: Are promises alone driving the stock? Are investors naive enough to buy into the stock in droves without at least some hard figures to reinforce their conviction?

Why are investors so bullish?
This is the hardest part to figure out, and what better way to find an answer than to ask the bulls themselves?

Wedbush analyst Dan Ives believes Tesla can reach $2 trillion. This is the same analyst who sees Palantir (NASDAQ:PLTR) becoming a $1 trillion company, but a large number of investors share his optimism. His rationale is that Tesla is in a "defining moment" due to Robotaxi and robotics. He believes AI and autonomous driving "could be worth nearly $1 trillion" and generate profits on top of Tesla's core electric vehicle business. You don't have to take permabull Ives' justification for the optimism. Bank of America justified its $471 price target due to the Robotaxi and the Optimus robot. Per its own sum-of-the-parts analysis that runs through 2040, the Robotaxi platform alone accounted for 45% of Tesla's total valuation, with the Optimus humanoid robot at 19%.

TSLA stock has surged past that price target.

Another long-term Tesla bull, Cathie Wood, believes 90% of Tesla's enterprise value and earnings will come from the Robotaxi business in 2029. It is important to note, though, that Wood predicted a tenfold increase in TSLA's price all the way back in early 2023, with the bear case at $1,400. Her justification then was full self-driving technology. All things considered, the bulls have a very mobile (pun unintended) thesis for why they see parabolic gains. If Robotaxis end up failing, Optimus or something else that may come up is very likely to take its place.

Why Tesla can indeed reach $2 trillion
Even though the numbers are not there, the bulls are putting the money where their mouth is. TSLA stock has continued climbing, and the bears have been proven dead wrong in the past year. Wood's portfolio has Tesla as its largest holding with a 12.2% weight.

In the coming quarters, Musk can start working on the numbers as the "anti-Tesla" sentiment has cooled down. Interest rate cuts will also indirectly raise demand for vehicles as they make car loans more affordable. If this coincides with a drawn-out AI rally that lasts through 2026, TSLA stock will be able to reach $2 trillion and beyond.

Why I still wouldn't buy TSLA stock
While it's true that Musk's promises can get an even higher price tag in the coming quarters, chasing it is not worth it today. Tesla is highly vulnerable to a slowdown of the AI rally. Optimus' presumed long-term potential relies mostly on AI's progress on the software side. The robot's chassis has been remotely controlled by a human in events. If Tesla figures out a way to make it truly autonomous, the sky is the limit.

This is unlikely to happen even a decade out, but bulls will keep paying for the prospect as long as AI progress in general remains swift. If not, the dashed hopes will drag TSLA stock down with it.

Then there are the Robotaxis. The potential is surely there, but so is the competition. The Waymo + Uber (NYSE:UBER) fleet is larger and more advanced at the moment. Theoretically, Tesla can still dominate if it could make millions of its FSD-capable cars into a Robotaxi fleet overnight.

Paying for TSLA stock as if that has already happened is still not a good idea, at least in my opinion.The New Report Shaking Up Retirement Plans 
You may think retirement is about picking the best stocks or ETFs, but you’d be wrong. Even great investments can be a liability in retirement. It’s a simple difference between accumulating vs distributing, and it makes all the difference.

The good news? After answering three quick questions many Americans are reworking their portfolios and finding they can retire earlier than expected. If you’re thinking about retiring or know someone who is, Key Points
Most of Tesla's revenue comes from electric vehicles (EVs), but the bulls have focused their attention on the company's future offerings.

The company's Cybercab autonomous robotaxi and Optimus humanoid robot could generate orders of magnitude more revenue than its EVs.

The stock is trading at a sky-high valuation right now, which might cap its potential upside in 2026. Tesla (NASDAQ: TSLA) is a leading manufacturer of electric vehicles (EVs), but they aren't the main driver of the company's hefty $1.3 trillion market capitalization. In fact, Tesla's EV deliveries only recently returned to growth after shrinking in 2024 and during the first half of 2025.

Instead, investors are betting that future products like the Cybercab autonomous robotaxi and Optimus humanoid robot could be home runs. They have the potential to generate far more revenue than the EV business, and CEO Elon Musk thinks they could make Tesla the most valuable company in the world one day.

However, its stock trades at a sky-high valuation right now, which is likely to keep a lid on further upside while investors wait for the company to commercialize its new products. Should you take a chance on Tesla heading into 2026? Tesla's EV business just returned to growth, but there's a catch
Around 75% of the company's total revenue still comes from EVs. The company delivered 1.79 million cars during 2024, a 1% decline from the prior year, marking its first annual drop since the launch of the flagship Model S in 2011. The situation initially worsened in 2025 with deliveries shrinking 13% through the first half of the year. Fortunately, deliveries grew 7% during the third quarter (ended Sept. 30), mainly as American consumers raced to buy cars before the $7,500 EV tax credit expired at the end of September. In other words, Tesla likely saw some of its year-end demand pulled forward, and the company could face weaker deliveries in the fourth quarter.

But the company's biggest problem is competition. Low-cost manufacturers like China-based BYD can sell EVs at a much lower price point in some of Tesla's biggest markets across Asia and Europe, and they have become very appealing to budget-conscious consumers. During October alone, BYD's sales tripled year over year across Europe and the United Kingdom, whereas Tesla's sales plunged 48%.

Tesla recently launched a cheaper version of its popular Model Y to compete at the lower end of the market, but Musk remains steadfast in his view that the future of this industry is autonomous. As a result, he's more focused on bringing the company's Cybercab to market, and it is scheduled to enter mass production in 2026.


